README.md, before:

# PaSyPy <img align="right" width="25%" height="25%" src="Documentation/images/PaSyPy_logo.png" />
A python-based tool using parameter synthesis to find safe and unsafe regions of the parameter space on nonlinear real arithmetic.

<br/>

## Table of contents
- [1. Installation](#1-Installation)
- [2. Functionality / Usage](#2-Functionality--Usage)
- [3. Suggestions / Bug reports](#3-Suggestions--Bug-reports)

<br/> <br/> <br/> <br/>

## 1. Installation
To install this tool, clone the directory and install all dependencies:
* `z3-solver`
* `matplotlib`
* `scikit-learn`
* `numpy`

All dependencies are also included in `requirements.txt` and can be installed by \
`pip install -r requirements.txt`.

<div class="page"/> <br/> <br/> <br/>


## 2. Functionality / Usage
To start this tool, simply execute `__main__.py`.

<img align="right" width="50%" height="50%" src="Documentation/images/full_gui.png" />

**Functionality:**
* **SMT-LIB Support:** Read *.smt2* files or define your own formula in the text field.
* **Find safe and unsafe regions:** Separate the whole region of the parameter space into *safe (green)* and *unsafe (red)* regions. Select from different *splitting heuristics* to obtain optimal results.
* **Visualization:** Get a visualization for found <span style="color:green">safe (green)</span> and <span style="color:red">unsafe (red)</span> regions. Choose which parameters you want to see. 
* **Information:** Lots of different information about your computation.
* **Settings:** Several settings available.

<br/> <br/> <br/> <br/>

## 3. Suggestions / Bug reports
If you encounter any problems while using this tool or have any suggestions or feedback, \
feel free to contact me. \
Read the [Known challenges](Documentation/README.md/#3-Known-challenges) section in the [documentation](Documentation/README.md) first for a listing of all problems and suggestions.

Commit message:

docs: add link to publication

README.md, after:

# PaSyPy <img align="right" width="25%" height="25%" src="Documentation/images/PaSyPy_logo.png" />
A python-based tool using parameter synthesis to find safe and unsafe regions of the parameter space on nonlinear real arithmetic.

For a detailed description of this project, read the [publication](https://ths.rwth-aachen.de/wp-content/uploads/sites/4/wiegel_bachelor.pdf).

<br/>

## Table of contents
- [1. Installation](#1-Installation)
- [2. Functionality / Usage](#2-Functionality--Usage)
- [3. Suggestions / Bug reports](#3-Suggestions--Bug-reports)

<br/> <br/> <br/> <br/>

## 1. Installation
To install this tool, clone the directory and install all dependencies:
* `z3-solver`
* `matplotlib`
* `scikit-learn`
* `numpy`

All dependencies are also included in `requirements.txt` and can be installed by \
`pip install -r requirements.txt`.

<div class="page"/> <br/> <br/> <br/>


## 2. Functionality / Usage
To start this tool, simply execute `__main__.py`.

<img align="right" width="50%" height="50%" src="Documentation/images/full_gui.png" />

**Functionality:**
* **SMT-LIB Support:** Read *.smt2* files or define your own formula in the text field.
* **Find safe and unsafe regions:** Separate the whole region of the parameter space into *safe (green)* and *unsafe (red)* regions. Select from different *splitting heuristics* to obtain optimal results.
* **Visualization:** Get a visualization for found <span style="color:green">safe (green)</span> and <span style="color:red">unsafe (red)</span> regions. Choose which parameters you want to see. 
* **Information:** Lots of different information about your computation.
* **Settings:** Several settings available.

<br/> <br/> <br/> <br/>

## 3. Suggestions / Bug reports
If you encounter any problems while using this tool or have any suggestions or feedback, \
feel free to contact me. \
Read the [Known challenges](Documentation/README.md/#3-Known-challenges) section in the [documentation](Documentation/README.md) first for a listing of all problems and suggestions.
